feat(useCustomMutation): Add useCustomMutation hook (#2229)
pankod/refine: documentation/docs/core/hooks/data/useCustom.md

It uses the `custom` method from the [`dataProvider`](/core/providers/data-provider.md) which is passed to `<Refine>`.

:::danger attention
`useCustom` should **not** be used when creating, updating or deleting a resource. To do these; [useCreate](/core/hooks/data/useCreate.md), [useUpdate](useUpdate.md) or [useDelete](useDelete.md) hooks should be used instead.

This is because `useCustom`, unlike other data hooks, does not [invalidate queries](https://react-query.tanstack.com/guides/query-invalidation) and therefore will not update the application state either.

> If you need to use 'useCustom' for mutation operations, use the [useCustomMutation](/core/hooks/data/useCustomMutation.md) hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you need to custom mutation request, use the [useCustomMutation](/core/hooks/data/useCustomMutation.md) hook.
```
